Some of the steps outlined in this flowchart and setup checklist are Required and some
are Optional. Required Step With Defaults means that the setup functionality comes
with pre-seeded, default values in the database; however, you should review those
defaults and decide whether to change them to suit your business needs. If you want or
need to change them, you should perform that setup step. You need to perform
Optional steps only if you plan to use the related feature or complete certain business
functions.


1- Define Your System Items FF (Required)
You must design and configure your System Items Flexfield before you can start
defining items.

2- Define Your Item Categories FF (Required)
You must design and configure your Item Categories Flexfield before you can start
defining items since all items must be assigned to categories.
You can define multiple structures for your Item Categories Flexfield, each structure
corresponding to a different category grouping scheme. You can then associate these
structures with the categories and category sets you define.

3- Define Your Item Catalog Group FF (Required)
If you make entries for your items in a standard industry catalog or want to group your
items according to certain descriptive elements, you need to configure your Item
Catalog Group Flexfield.
Even if you do not use item cataloging, you must enable at least one segment and
compile this flexfield before you can define items.

4- Define Your Stock Locators FF (Required)
If you keep track of specific locators such as aisle, row, bin indicators for your items,
you need to configure your Stock Locators Flexfield and implement locator control in
your organization.
Even if you do not implement locator control, you must still compile the Stock Locators
Flexfield because all Oracle Inventory transaction and on-hand inquiries and reports
require a frozen flexfield definition. However you do not need to configure the flexfield
in a specific way.

Note: Whenever you recompile the stock locator field definition, you
must run the concurrent program Generate Stock Locator Flexfield
Definition for Mobile Transactions to recompile the flex definition used
for mobile transactions.

Note: If you use Mobile Supply Chain Applications or Warehouse
Management, you need to bound the server to view the change.

5- Define Your Account Aliases FF (Required)
